At 2:30 p.m. on a normal Monday, Quvenzhan&eacute; Wallis would be in math class, or reading. But this past Monday, Ms. Wallis, the 9-year-old star of &ldquo;Beasts of the Southern Wild,&rdquo; was in the private dining room of an elegant Upper East Side restaurant, twirling around in her glittery black-bow flats. She&rsquo;d had a few bites from a
Lincoln Center and the New York Philharmonic are planning a radical re-envisioning of Avery Fisher Hall that will require the orchestra to relocate for two seasons and aims to redefine what it means to be a concert hall at a time of challenging orchestra economics and changing audience habits. Rather than proceed with a&nbsp;previous redesign plan,
Frank Barsalona, a New York talent agent who was as a virtual quartermaster for the British Invasion, booking the first American concert tours of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, and who later created a concert circuit that served as a farm system for a generation of rockers including the Ramones, the Clash, the Pretenders and U2, died last
Bach hardly needs a stacked deck to establish his supremacy. But that is pretty much what he got in an odd program presented by the period-instrument American Classical Orchestra at Alice Tully Hall on Tuesday evening. Bach was represented by three masterworks: first the Prelude and Fugue in A minor (BWV 543) for organ, played by Gregory
On Tuesday evening Sergei Tcherepnin performed a new composition at Issue Project Room in Downtown Brooklyn, where he is currently an artist in residence. You probably expect me to tell you something about this performance, but I&rsquo;m afraid it&rsquo;s not that simple. If pushed, I might say that it was deeply felt. &ldquo;Oh, yes?&rdquo; you
6:45 A.M. (MoreMax) BEGINNERS (2011) In the first of two father-and-son tales starring Ewan McGregor, Christopher Plummer (above left, with Mr. McGregor), in an Oscar-winning role, plays Hal, the septuagenarian father of Oliver (Mr. McGregor), for whom he has two announcements: that he is gay and that he has terminal cancer. This film from the
Two weeks after conducting the most complicated bicoastal experiment involving chain saws ever attempted, I am still scrutinizing the results for lessons and implications, but two things are already clear. One is that, yes, a man with no chain-saw carving experience can in about four hours turn a tree stump into something that resembles a bear, if
Lois Bewley, a dancer with the New York City Ballet and other companies who expanded into choreography, costume and stage design, opera direction and art, died on Nov. 21 in Manhattan, where she had lived since moving from Louisville, Ky., as a teenager. She was 78. The cause was a stroke, her niece Alice Tucker said. Dark-haired and lithe,
Two trained male dancers and two untrained ones walk onto a stage: It sounds like a variation on the &ldquo;walked into a bar&rdquo; joke, but it&rsquo;s actually the premise for &ldquo;Untrained&rdquo; (2009), a work by the Australian choreographer Lucy Guerin that had its American premiere Tuesday at the Brooklyn Academy of Music. The
There isn&rsquo;t a dull movement in Tere O&rsquo;Connor&rsquo;s current program at New York Live Arts. It consists of two new works, &ldquo;Secret Mary&rdquo; and &ldquo;poem,&rdquo; which are run together without pause. Not only do the dancers &mdash; all barefoot &mdash; make a riveting spectrum of androgyny in hairstyles and costume, but the
This month&rsquo;s offerings feature survivors of various stripes. A French love affair endures two wars, a teenager navigates his modern family, a Vietnamese &eacute;migr&eacute; restarts in Canada, and Colm Toibin imagines how Jesus&rsquo; mother got through the days after his death. L&Eacute;ON AND LOUISE By Alex Capus Translated by John
Brian McGrory, a former Boston Globe metro editor who now writes a twice-a-week column, has a sure hand for polished storytelling. In &ldquo;Buddy,&rdquo; his first nonfiction book, he is able to wring maximum comic effect from the Terrible Pet genre and also to tell a heartwarming family tale without trying too noticeably to warm the heart. The
Is it a felony of lexicographic fecklessness or merely a misdemeanor of misunderstood motives? Word guardians have been up in arms this week over claims in a new book about the Oxford English Dictionary, which asserts that one of its former editors, Robert Burchfield, surreptitiously expunged hundreds of words with foreign origins. These
Sorry to disappoint the E Street Band fans out there: &ldquo;The Boss&rdquo; is not a play about Bruce Springsteen, though some of that Boss&rsquo;s lyrical themes resonate in the revival of this 1911 melodrama about class and the American dream at the Metropolitan Playhouse. Michael R. Regan &mdash; the play&rsquo;s scrappy Irish immigrant
The self-absorbed youngish New Yorkers in Alexander Poe&rsquo;s micro-budgeted romantic comedy, &ldquo;Ex-Girlfriends,&rdquo; live and die by text message: not literally, of course, but emotionally. Texting, their preferred mode of communication, comes with its own elaborate strategies. The technology may be relatively new, but the rules
Ordinarily, a change of government in a Balkan capital would be little cause for concern at the Film Society of Lincoln Center. But when you sponsor a Romanian film festival, and your Romanian partner comes under attack by the new authorities in Bucharest, thus jeopardizing your joint undertaking, you may find yourself thrust into a political
Right at the beginning of the new documentary &ldquo;Beware of Mr. Baker,&rdquo; the film&rsquo;s director, Jay Bulger, is attacked by his subject, the rock drummer Ginger Baker. Not verbally attacked, mind you &mdash; though there will be plenty of that &mdash; but physically, with a metal cane that draws blood when applied to the bridge of the
Martin Richards, who began a show business career as a boy soprano and grew up to become a theater and movie producer who won an Oscar for the film adaptation of the musical &ldquo;Chicago&rdquo; 27 years after he helped bring it to Broadway, died on Monday at his home in Manhattan. He was 80. The cause was complications of liver cancer, said
The attention given the Mantuan composer Salamone Rossi is still sometimes tinged with condescension, as astonishment over the participation of a Jewish composer in the musical life of early-17th-century Italy replaces any consideration of his work&rsquo;s merit. On Monday evening the Clarion Music Society presented an intelligently devised and
More than a year has passed since Joseph Lin became the latest first violinist of the Juilliard String Quartet , a venerable institution formed in 1946 at the school whose name it bears. After the departure of Robert Mann, who helped to found the group, two more fine players assumed the position, then left it: Joel Smirnoff, who slid over from his
A couple of years ago M.I.A. and Pharrell Williams got into a tiff. In M.I.A.&rsquo;s telling, Mr. Williams, the hip-hop producer, fashion designer and bon vivant, told her she needed to spend more energy cultivating friends and less time antagonizing people. You get more flies with honey, he told her. Getting flies isn&rsquo;t the point, she
8 P.M. (NBC) CHRISTMAS IN ROCKEFELLER CENTER In this 80th tree-lighting ceremony, Trace Adkins, Tony Bennett, Mariah Carey, Cee Lo Green, Victoria Justice, Chris Mann, Scotty McCreery, Rod Stewart, Il Volo, Billy Crystal, Bette Midler and others will gather around a towering Norway spruce. The 80-foot-tall tree (being positioned in Rockefeller
In the first season of &ldquo;The Hour,&rdquo; Ben Whishaw, playing the dogged young reporter Freddie Lyon, tells an interview subject, &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not here to hurt you &mdash; I&rsquo;m from the BBC.&rdquo; Presumably, any lines that might seem similarly risible now, in light of the Jimmy Savile pedophilia scandal that has engulfed
When Glenn D. Lowry arrived 17 years ago as director of the Museum of Modern Art, he and the curator Kirk Varnedoe sat down and wrote out a list of the 10 works they most wanted. &ldquo;Canyon,&rdquo; a landmark of 20th-century art by Robert Rauschen