Nascar will race on dirt next season for the first time since 1970 when the Truck Series visits Eldora Speedway in Rossburg, Ohio. The race will be run July 24 as a lead-in to the Sprint Cup race in Indianapolis. Sports Briefing | Auto racing
Colin Kaepernick will start at quarterback over Alex Smith for the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday at St. Louis. Kaepernick led the N.F.C. West-leading Niners (8-2-1) to victories in the past two games, his first two N.F.L. starts. Coach Jim Harbaugh said that the decision was just for this Sunday and that he might return to Smith later in the
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; In the days since their humiliating 49-19 Thanksgiving night loss to the New England Patriots , the Jets have heard all the jokes. Almost all of them involve the enduring image of the loss, when quarterback Mark Sanchez ran headfirst into the sizable posterior of guard Brandon Moore. That resulted in a fumble that
The Giants say they will have a better understanding of what to expect from Robert Griffin III, the Washington Redskins &rsquo; dynamic rookie quarterback, when they face him for a second time, on Monday night at FedEx Field. But that knowledge is not comforting. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s got a different skill set than most guys,&rdquo; linebacker Mathias
Unruly, violent fans at N.F.L. games have been a problem for years. It got so bad at one point that officials in Philadelphia added an improvised courtroom in the bowels of Veterans Stadium during Eagles games to process offenders more efficiently. The N.F.L. and its teams have recently embraced a new and perhaps more forgiving approach toward
EVANS, Ga. &mdash; The Canadian flag will flap in the breeze. The echoes of &ldquo;O Canada&rdquo; will waft through the stadium. Canada&rsquo;s maple leaf emblem will garnish players&rsquo; jerseys, and their fans will futilely hunt for poutine &mdash; French fries covered in gravy and cheese, a favorite Canadian dish &mdash; at concession stands
The American Mardy Fish will miss the Australian Open in January as he continues to recover from problems related to heart surgery, his agent said. Fish, 30, who had an operation in May to correct a form of arrhythmia, plans to return to the ATP Tour in February at the SAP Open in San Jose, Calif. Sports Briefing | Tennis
The Atlantic Coast Conference announced that its presidents and chancellors had unanimously voted to add Louisville as the replacement for Maryland, which will join the Big Ten in 2014. Louisville is the fourth college in 15 months and the seventh in the past decade to leave the Big East for the A.C.C. Pittsburgh and Syracuse will join the league
For an especially lucrative occupation, one might consider becoming a fired college football coach. The latest symbol of the college football arms race is not the coaches&rsquo; salaries themselves but rather the money that university officials are spending to buy out those huge contracts when a coach falters. After Tennessee fired its coach last
THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. &mdash; Mark Cokewell&rsquo;s long putters were leaned against a golf bag on the practice green at Sherwood Country Club here like Douglas firs stacked against the fence of a Christmas tree lot on Dec. 26. At this time last year, the Krutch II putters from Rosemark Golf, the company Cokewell founded, were selling briskly. But
League and players union officials met separately with federal mediators Wednesday in an effort to jump-start stalled negotiations on the 74th day of the N.H.L. lockout. Commissioner Gary Bettman and Donald Fehr, the executive director of the union, were believed to be meeting with Scot L. Beckenbaugh and John Sweeney of the Federal Mediation and
Devils center Adam Henrique will have a procedure to repair a ligament in his left thumb after he was hurt playing for the team&rsquo;s A.H.L. affiliate, the Albany Devils. He is expected to be sidelined up to six weeks. Sports Briefing | Hockey
Mason Plumlee had 21 points and 17 rebounds, and No. 2 Duke rallied late at home to beat No. 4 Ohio State , 73-68, in the A.C.C.-Big Ten Challenge. Ryan Kelly scored 15 and hit 3-pointers on consecutive trips downcourt during a 20-7 run that put the Blue Devils (7-0) ahead to stay. Deshaun Thomas scored 16 points for Ohio State (4-1). &para; The
Brianna Banks scored a career-high 20 points, and Connecticut routed Colgate, 101-41, keeping the program undefeated in November for the eighth consecutive year. Sports Briefing | Womens Basketball
The senior Trey McKinney Jones scored a career-high 18 points, and the host Miami Hurricanes beat No. 13 Michigan State , 67-59, in the A.C.C.-Big Ten Challenge. &para; Derrick Marks scored a career-high 35 points, including 18 straight in the second half, and visiting Boise State upset No. 11 Creighton, 83-70. &para; Julian Boyd scored 19 points,
The Washington Wizards earned their first victory after 12 losses to start the season, getting 19 points from Jordan Crawford as they edged the visiting Portland Trail Blazers , 84-82, on Wednesday. &para; Kevin Durant matched his season high with 37 points, and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Houston Rockets, 120-98, in James Harden&rsquo;s
MILWAUKEE &mdash; N.B.A. fans probably know what their team&rsquo;s record is, but not necessarily when its last full practice was. In the case of the Knicks , even the players are probably not sure when it was, only that it has been a while. Coach Mike Woodson knows it has been far too long since his team was in a gymnasium learning new
BOSTON &mdash; The Nets have now accomplished something in the last 13 days that they had not done in more than half a decade: they have beaten the Boston Celtics twice in one season. Their win total from the month of November against the Celtics matches the number of wins they had against Boston in the last five seasons combined. Nets Coach Avery
MILWAUKEE &mdash; At age 35, Pablo Prigioni can say with confidence that he is the most patient of rookies in the N.B.A. Prigioni does not have to play every game or be on the court for a lot of minutes. He can just learn the league from the bench. When Prigioni signed with the Knicks , he said he would be ready when Coach Mike Woodson needed him.
The Yankees had no idea at this time last year that they would need the veteran left-hander Andy Pettitte to fill out their rotation, but at the end of the 2012 season, they knew they wanted him to be a part of their rotation in 2013. On Wednesday, the Yankees completed a one-year, $12 million deal with Pettitte, who was one of the team&rsquo;s
There was poignancy in the timing of Marvin Miller&rsquo;s death, with the Major League Baseball Players Association holding its annual executive board meeting this week in Manhattan. Miller was the patriarch of the union, its first executive director and an extraordinary force who clearly deserves a place in the Hall of Fame. Few besides Babe Ruth
The Big East moved quickly to replace Rutgers, getting Tulane and East Carolina to agree to join in 2014. The additions will make it six Conference USA universities joining the Big East in the last two years. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re not finished,&rdquo; the Big East commissioner, Mike Aresco, said. &ldquo;We obviously have some other plans for
If you were intent on sports as your viewing entertainment on Monday night, you might have been in a bit of a bind. Sure, dyed-in-the-wool New York types &mdash; at least those who consider the N.B.A. entertaining &mdash; were all set. They had the first Knicks-Nets game in Brooklyn to kick off the new interborough rivalry everyone but the
The Philadelphia Eagles will place receiver DeSean Jackson on injured reserve after he sustained multiple rib fractures in Monday&rsquo;s loss to Carolina. Jackson leads the Eagles this season with 45 catches for 700 yards. Sports Briefing | Pro Football
Frank Yallop of the San Jose Earthquakes was honored as Major League Soccer &rsquo;s coach of the year. The Earthquakes finished with the 14th-best record in 2011, but improved to first in 2012. They lost in the first round of the playoffs. Sports Briefing | Soccer
After an airplane crash killed 37 players, coaches and support s